Updated create-retention-policies.md (#6177)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/create-retention-policies.md

When you specify your locations for SharePoint sites or OneDrive accounts, you don't need permissions to access the sites and no validation is done at the time you specify the URL on the **Edit locations** page. However, the SharePoint sites that you specify are checked that they exist at the end of the wizard. If this check fails, you see a message that validation failed for the URL you entered, and the wizard won't create the retention policy until the validation check passes. If you see this message, go back in the wizard to change the URL or remove the site from the retention policy.

To specify individual OneDrive accounts to include or exclude, the URL has the following format: `https://<tenant name>-my.sharepoint.com/personal/<userprincipalname>`

> > [!NOTE] All period characters in <userprincipalname> should be replaced with underescores if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> All period characters in <userprincipalname> should be replaced with underscores if any. As an example, the OneDrive address for a user with the UserPrincipalName of "adam.smith@contoso.com" would be `https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/adam_smith_contoso_com`.
```

> > As an example, OneDrive address for a user with UserPrincipalName of "adam.smith@contoso.com" would be `https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/adam_smith_contoso_com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
